
Resources:
A Google Slides presentation on this project is available: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wqmLg43CqofbB66FV9tE0U2QGllomzUqPrsI-etT_kA/edit#slide=id.g14d6ba0ce4_0_116
This project is tracked on GitHub: https://github.com/random-person-001/MagicText.git

Jared: Let's move to Github.  Jetbrains makes it easy in a way Netbeans never could.
    Go to VCS > Checkout from Version Control > GitHub
    Enter your login credentials
    In the box, paste:  https://github.com/random-person-001/MagicText.git
    Say yes to it being a new .idea project, accepting its defaults

    Then it's done!  We can version control correctly and collaborate concurrently!


Generally Relevant words:

<story>
There once was a time, which was rather recent, that the world was simple. @'s were people, #'s were walls and terrain.
It was simple, and somewhat elegant too.

You couldn't have asked for anything more.
Unfortunately, someone other than you could. That scoundrel decided the world needed more than 3 characters, and
 switched the world's settings to enable the use of all characters.

Numbers, letters, and other non-alphanumeric characters flooded the world, making it complex, interesting, and also
 confusing.

You decide this wasn't a good thing. And so you embark on a wayward journey to dive into the gaping hole in the earth,
 called The Source, and switch the settings back to normal.  Most worlds are closed-source, and that just stinks. This
 world is special, however.  It is open-source. The Source is a giant pit in the universe that leads to the source code
 of the world and anyone in there can change anything.

The only problem is that you need a rope strong enough to survive exiting the universe and into its settings. Those
 ropes are, as it turns out, pretty scarce. They do exist though, since that guy found a way into the settings. To start
 the whole mess.  Without a rope, you would fall out of the universe and never come back, or achieve anything.

And thus the quest for the wondrous rope began.
</story>



<possible-gameplay>
I really like the top-down perspective, so I feel as if we should go with that. So here is what I'm thinking of: (NOTE:
 the controls are best visualized on a qwerty keyboard)

The UP, DOWN, LEFT, and RIGHT arrow keys control movement. Moving in a direction will set your orientation in that
 direction. Orientation doesn't change when you stop moving.  Pressing the A key will toggle locking your orientation at
 your current orientation (thus won't change if you move to somewhere else). A '+' symbol will appear adjacent to the
 player when toggled on and it is placed according to the orientation.
(The + symbol helps the player remember know they are orientation-locked and what their orientation is despite their
 movements; '@+' means oriented to the right)

Your attacks are casting spells. You can have up to two spells equipped at a time. The two spells are bound to the S and
 D key respectively. Pushing the corresponding button will cast the spell in the direction of your orientation. Some
 spells may be cast on yourself and thus doesn't utilize orientation. Shooting a fireball will.

Pushing the W key will open a menu where you can conifgure inventory and spells. Spells are discovered throughout your
 journey.

Spells have a cost attached to them, rather than require a cooling down period. They consume a resource called "mana."
 (A common name for magic resource) Each spell uses different amounts of mana and thus can be casted a different amount
 of times in succession.

Not casting a spell for 2 seconds (could a have a stat modifier; could possibly be longer than 2 as a base) will quickly
 recharge your mana back to full.

Enemies that attack you will deplete a health stat. Reaching zero health or below will result in death. The game will
 then reset to the most recently saved state.  (A fairly standard mechanic).  Enemies can also die.

Combat will consist of locking your orientation (aiming), and then fire spells while strafing to dodge enemy attacks or
 run from enemies with melee weapons. When the players runs out of mana, they will will then have to focus more on
 dodging and running until the mana meter refills. Throughout this cycle, the player will probably also need to change
 their orientation as new threats appear or old ones die.

Hopefully, different enemy types, environments, and spells throughout the game will keep the combat interesting enough
 to keep the player from getting bored of the somewhat inherently repetitive gameplay.
</possible-gameplay>


